Expand and correct documentation on data store string sanitisation. (#203)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/scripting/security/security-tactics.md

- `Class.Instance` values cannot be serialized into a `Class.DataStore` and will fail. Utilize [type validation](#remote-runtime-type-validation) to prevent this.
- `Class.DataStore|DataStores` have [data limits](../../cloud-services/datastores.md#data-limits). Strings of arbitrary length should be checked and/or capped to avoid this, alongside ensuring limitless arbitrary keys cannot be added to tables by the client.
- Table indices cannot be `NaN` or `nil`. Iterate over all tables passed by the client and verify all indices are valid.

> - `Class.DataStore|DataStores` can only accept valid UTF-8 characters. Sanitize all strings provided by the client to ensure they are valid using `utf8.len`. Invalid UTF-8 strings can also be present in tables as keys and values. `utf8.len` will return the length of a string treating unicode characters as a single character, if an invalid UTF-8 character is encountered it will return `nil` and the position of the invalid character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Class.DataStore|DataStores` can only accept valid UTF-8 characters, so you should sanitize all strings provided by the client via `Library.utf8|utf8.len()` to ensure they are valid. `Library.utf8|utf8.len()` will return the length of a string, treating unicode characters as a single character; if an invalid UTF-8 character is encountered it will return `nil` and the position of the invalid character. Note that invalid UTF-8 strings can also be present in tables as keys and values.
```
